Muting Schedules (#2543)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/muting-schedules.md

title: Muting Schedules
description: Use Muting Schedule to pause alert notifications from monitors according to the schedule that you define.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Setting a **Muting Schedule** allows you to pause alert notifications from monitors according to a schedule that you define. You can apply this setting to individual monitors and/or folders. For folders, this will mute all nested monitors and subfolders. Here are some scenarios where you might want to mute your alerts:

* **Scheduled System Maintenance**. During system maintenance, notifications can get triggered because your application and infrastructure are being brought up or turned off. Such notifications are known false alarms and should be ignored.
* **Off-Business Hours**. If your monitors reflect performance thresholds that are only applicable during business hours, such monitors might generate false alarms during off-business hours.

## Prerequisites
Make sure you've enabled the [**View Muting Schedules** and **Manage Muting Schedules**](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerts) user permissions, which allow you to define and edit a muting schedule.

> If fine-grained permissions are enabled for your account, you'll need the **Manage Muting Schedules** and **Admin Monitors** capabilities. If not enabled, you'll need the **Manage Muting Schedules** and **Manage Monitors** capabilities.

Author: @banant here's Anu's change:

```suggestion
if fine-grained permissions are enabled for your account, you’ll need the **Manage Muting Schedules** and **Admin Monitors** capabilities. If not enabled, you’ll need the **Manage Muting Schedules** and **Manage Monitors** capabilities.
```
